The first component of the website was to find a base html template, which we found from startbootstrap.com. Then we found an online
image from upslash.com to use for the background photo. The html template was used to make index.html, the root page, and all the other 
pages thereafter. The startboostrap dowload also came with css that allowed us to use certain functions and fonts and scripts.

The website was launched through apache50 and was located at https://ide50-elgindavis.cs50.io. First the root page is to be configured,
rendered by /index.html, where you can go to the "about" section, sign up for the site, or log in with a pre-existing account.
The sign up requires an username, password, and re-typed password (that will be hashed) to be stored in the phpmyadmin sql database.
The sign up, when successful, logs the user in for the current session just like the log-in page does. The sign up and register
forms both require php display forms and php back end forms.

Once signed up and logged in, the user has the option to submit an event, another php-based file that requires a display form and
a back end functional form. Here the user can submit an event with a title, date, time, location, and description dynamically to our sql database
for review and possible addition to our managed public calendar. The user can also access an html file for said public calendar
and interact with it through his/her Google account, fully accessing the functions of the regular Google calendar where one can save events
and find events on the map. There is also an html file that allows users to see and interact solely with an embedded Google map that is
 centered around Harvard University with the ability to star/favorite locations- also powered by separate Google account sign in.

Errors- apology.php is the file used to tell the user if the login or sign in was incorrect or incongruous and has links back to both
log in or sign up or the home /index.html. The file /event_error.html tells the user if they left a field blank on the submission
form to go back and fill in all parts of the form, providing a link to resubmit the form.
Successes- /homepage.html is the site that is accessed if the user logs in or signs up correctly, giving them access to the calendar, map,
and submit events features of the sire. The page /submission_success.html is the page that is loaded if the submission of the event form
was done correctly, letting the user know that the request was made and has entered the sql database to be reviewed, and also providing a link 
back to the home page.

In total we used 12 different .php files and 10 different html files to bring together this website.
